what it serves. Trying five little Larry out for the family reporting
to duty station. A lot of resources available to you, Uh, especially
in this day and age with the Internet. First, you know simple things
like realtor dot com. We'll be able to tell you right use of school.
So if you have a family, that's the number one priority is getting
into a good safe school district, so you could use that used the Internet
resource is that are available to There's going to be at the
base, be command representation to help you. But frankly, there just
looking at the Internet, which you yourself now look at. But I would
downplay Family Service's. They'll have a lot of people. These dildos
have lists. Every duty station will have Family Service's center.
FSC will have rentals available on way. Start there if you have time
to get